hi I'm Karen Borga
from science of angels and this week I
want to talk about a new Oracle tech
sanjer Ann Taylor is a psychic twin she
and her sister Sharon clinger
are amazing the sharing or excuse me
Sandra actually is all about quantum
physics and energy incredible stuff
she's taught me a lot about like orbs
and and if you want to learn more about
what she teaches she has some great
books but because she's all about energy
her cards are all about energy as well
and I've been using them recently
because you know what sometimes you just
need a change you know a change of
energy a little play on words so if
you've never used oracle cards before
oracle cards are cards 42 cards in a
deck these are made by Hay House so of
course they're incredible quality of
they they just you know what retrace e
does an incredible job of producing
great material for us and so and each
one comes with a book and in this book
is instructions on how to use the cards
what the cards mean actually this deck
she encourages you to have them be
reversed so that she has reverse
meanings in here and I love that because
you know each card then has two meanings
she has a really cool spread in here
that she has several spreads but one is
called the road and she encourages you
to put seven cards and then go down a
row and do seven cars and seven cards
and and read them through and see how
they work together to combine a mess
and of course oracle cards are a tool
for you to connect with the angels and
eventually for you to stop using oracle
cards and move on to using your own
intuition and so I wanted you to see
what the readings were like from these
cards so I've pulled three cards and one
two or three and they're going to be
listed below and you decide which card
is going to be your reading and I'm
going to pull the reading from the book
so you can really get a feeling for the
work by Sandra so I hope you love them
and want to add them to your collection
blessings to you and all that you do by